New tiers post (#744)
crystal-lang/crystal-website: _posts/2024-03-25-new-sponsoring-tiers.md

---
title: New sponsoring tiers
summary: We refurbish the tiers to provide more to our sponsors
author: beta-ziliani
---

We made several changes to the sponsor packages offered on the [OpenCollective sponsoring page](https://www.opencollective.com/crystal-lang).

The sponsoring tiers and their perks hadn't been updated in a while and we felt it was time to freshen up.
Particularly, we want to offer more differentiated opportunities for expressing thanks to our sponsors.

The general structure of tiers hasn't changed. It's a bit more refined now with clearer naming.
We consider three groups of sponsorship levels with different target audiences:

> 1. **Backer:** Individuals and small organizations who love Crystal and want to support it.
> 2. **Sponsor:** Individuals and organizations who want to support Crystal and maybe gain some visibility.
> 3. **Corporate:** Organizations who want to support Crystal and gain support to move their business forward.

Author: If the label is singular, keep it singular.

```suggestion
1. **Backer:** An individual or small organization who loves Crystal and wants to support it.
2. **Sponsor:** An individual or organization who wants to support Crystal and maybe gain some visibility.
3. **Corporate:** An organization who wants to support Crystal and obtain support to move their business forward.
```

Author: Alternatively:

```suggestion
1. **Backers:** Individuals and small organizations who love Crystal and want to support it.
2. **Sponsors:** Individuals and organizations who want to support Crystal and maybe gain some visibility.
3. **Corporates:** Organizations who want to support Crystal and obtain support to move their business forward.
```

Author: (I also changed `gain` for `obtain`. It can also work with `get`.)

Reviewer: I actually don't see any dissonance here: "The Backer tier consists of individuals and organizations." That's totally legit grammar and IMO makes the most sense.

The singular description feels awkward. The singular labels are derived from the tier names, which fits very well.

Most relevant changes:

1. Backlinks from the [Sponsor page](https://www.crystal-lang.org/sponsors) are available at the *Backer L* tier ($25).
2. New options to improve visibility of sponsors:
  * Logo and link in the [release posts](https://crystal-lang.org/blog/#release_notes) at *Silver Sponsor* ($350)
  * Logo and link in the [newsletter](https://crystal-lang.org/#newsletter), [README](https://github.com/crystal-lang/crystal/blob/master/README.md), presentations and other communication materials at *Gold Sponsor* ($750)
3. Sponsor logos on the [homepage](https://www.crystal-lang.org) are shown in two different sizes:
  * Small logo at *Silver Sponsor* ($350)
  * Big logo at *Gold Sponsor* ($750)
4. Directed Corporate Sponsors to contact us to better tailor a package that suits their needs.

Everyone who is already a sponsor stays in the tier that corresponds to their current monthly contribution.
Some of the perks in that tier may have changed. We understand this is a breaking change.
If this affects you, please let us know at [crystal@manas.tech](mailto:crystal@manas.tech).

The new perks will take a couple of days to take effect.

> We need some time to properly update everything.

Author: I don't think this adds much.

```suggestion
```

---
title: New sponsoring tiers
summary: We refurbish the tiers to provide more to our sponsors
author: beta-ziliani,straight-shoota
---

We made several changes to the sponsor packages offered on the [OpenCollective sponsoring page](https://www.opencollective.com/crystal-lang).

The sponsoring tiers and their perks hadn't been updated in a while and we felt it was time to freshen up.
Particularly, we want to offer more differentiated opportunities for expressing thanks to our sponsors.

The general structure of tiers hasn't changed. It's a bit more refined now with clearer naming.
We consider three groups of sponsorship levels with different target audiences:

> 1. **Backer:** Individuals and small organizations who love Crystal and want to support it.

Author: The images are a bit bulky and disrupt the text. Maybe trim the cards?
<img width="240" alt="image" src="https://github.com/crystal-lang/crystal-website/assets/5183634/b00fb478-42aa-43ef-afab-ed9e4e6d2060">

Or even more to stick to the essentials?
<img width="235" alt="image" src="https://github.com/crystal-lang/crystal-website/assets/5183634/ed9c0cc7-fe05-444a-9098-e074d3cbaf81">
